As a big picture, as a big picture, does it not show a space between the ground and the
Colonel's coat?
Well, you hold up so I can see I may have my question reversed because that's correct.
Can you see the bottom of the Colonel's coat in that picture?
Top coat?
I don't believe the Colonel has the top coat out there.
Turn around and I'm all wrong if that's correct.
It's your coat I'm talking about.
That's the Colonel.
Is it possible to see the bottom of your coat?
In the big picture.
Yes sir, the big picture is possible to see the bottom of my coat.
You look at the small picture and see whether the...
It's possible to see the bottom of the coat.
It is not possible to see the bottom of the Colonel's small picture sir.
Well, you look at the picture of Secretary Stevens and the big picture.
Yes sir.
In the big picture is it possible to see the bottom of the top coat that Secretary Stevens has in his arm, showing a considerable...
It is sir.
Look at the small picture.
Is it possible there to see the bottom of Secretary Stevens?
There is not a possible sir.
Which was certainly indicated that either one of two things must have taken place.
Either there are two different prints involved.
Or else, in some kind of photographic maneuvering with which this chairman is not familiar, it apparently was possible to contract the bottom of the picture without contracting the top of the picture.
Because at the top of the picture then pull down for it.
Fundingly, you would pretty well have decapitated the witness as you showed up on the picture.
Yes sir.
I just wanted to have that in a record and I wanted Mr. Wilson to have that.
Because nobody had called attention to those who just got the picture.
That time I have the pretty questions.
Turn to the top.
Left the chairman and bureau of the statement that the witnesses made that he'd like to seek the advice of council as to whether he should have council.
Go ahead, gentlemen.
More than four of Mr. Chairman.
More than four of them.
All right.
Well there, but it is.
I go for rule.
I didn't wonder how the photographer is going to get out of this one.
And not only have been standing up front without his stand up to push the water on the chair.
Yes sir.
That's why the occupational hazards go ahead and start them.
The shy man is saying, make the shy man is saying to you, this accident occurred and the drunken accident.
I was saying to you that I would know that you would just say that you had made that you would like to himself with council today.
And I would like to say that you would like to have the chance to claim whether you need or shall want council with you.
And deal with that and an effort to further expedite these hearings.
I shall not ask any further questions at this time.
So I prepared to answer any questions about this photograph.
I'm thinking of the prior report.
Well I am interested in the questions I asked you first.
I thought your industry may photograph it whether it was this photograph but not on another occasion.
And that's a question by some of the other different photographs.
I understand you have, but I do not want to interrogate you further if you feel that you would like to consult with council before you proceed.
Mr. Chair.
To what extent?
I am in a familiar role as I look at the file.
We are one hour overtime and this witness is a young private of the army.
I am old enough to know that it would be wise for him to himself with council as he suggested.
Surely on the preliminary question of do I need council?
I do not like to see a young private of the army.
I try to decide questions about importance on its own behalf.
I think fairly should it do.
Mr. Chairman, I never thought I was not going to ask the private any further questions.
If he feels at all that he should consult with council or with friends as to whether he should have council.
Mr. Chairman, I'd like to do a question with Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, I think the record should disclose that at the outset,
the private of the army was advised to write a council and I quite agree.
He was good enough to say that he thought he could go ahead without.
I think that in a light of all the circumstances, there should not be any further questions until he is at the right to give this matter further consideration as to whether he would like to have council.
I may say that I was the one who suggested to the chairman that that question he may prove to be all that.
I think I am confident in it, how?
I am not certain that this picture has been made and exhibited to the witnesses.
ABC Radio has been being you on the scene coverage of the McCarthy Army rings direct from the Senate office building in Washington.
At this time, the committee is ready to recess for the day.
It will resume at 10.30 a.m. tomorrow morning for the seventh day.